README.md, before:

# Memory-Game

This is a classical Memory Game created with pure Javascript to practice DOM manipulations.

### Rules
Memory game is a game that requires players to match similar elements. Participants need to find a match for a number, character, color, picture, etc. For example, there are 30 word cards, composed of 15 pairs, face down in random order. Player turns over two cards at a time, if cards have the same value player can keep them turned face up, if not - they have to be turned face down again. The goal is to turn all cards face up, matching pairs using memory.

### Game Modes
There is a couple of options that player can use to customize this game. There is a possibility to choose the number of elements to play with (12, 18, 24 or 30) and the type of the elements. Currently there are next game modes: numbers, characters, colors and pictures.

### Screenshots:
1. Main Menu
![screenshot 1](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/26466644/25872722/0b0aae80-350c-11e7-9567-9be74f1c37ea.png)

2. Numbers Mode
![screenshot 2](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/26466644/25826080/b8ea205c-3445-11e7-83ec-73777be393cf.png)

3. Win of the Chars Mode
![screenshot 4](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/26466644/25826087/bc61e1c0-3445-11e7-9d26-9f630dba2fdb.png)

4. Colors Mode and the smallest board
![screenshot 2](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/26466644/25872721/0aff308c-350c-11e7-86f9-b906156c3c82.png)

5. Pictures Mode and the biggest board
![screenshot 3](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/26466644/25872720/0add6182-350c-11e7-84b7-95f3b8e8f5fd.png)

Commit message:

Added instructions how to run the game

README.md, after:

# Memory-Game

This is a classical Memory Game created with pure Javascript to practice DOM manipulations.

### Rules
Memory game is a game that requires players to match similar elements. Participants need to find a match for a number, character, color, picture, etc. For example, there are 30 word cards, composed of 15 pairs, face down in random order. Player turns over two cards at a time, if cards have the same value player can keep them turned face up, if not - they have to be turned face down again. The goal is to turn all cards face up, matching pairs using memory.

### Run the Game
To run the game you just need to download this project and open the ```índex.html``` file in your favorite browser. 

### Game Modes
There is a couple of options that player can use to customize this game. There is a possibility to choose the number of elements to play with (12, 18, 24 or 30) and the type of the elements. Currently there are next game modes: numbers, characters, colors and pictures.

### Screenshots:
1. Main Menu
![screenshot 1](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/26466644/25872722/0b0aae80-350c-11e7-9567-9be74f1c37ea.png)

2. Numbers Mode
![screenshot 2](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/26466644/25826080/b8ea205c-3445-11e7-83ec-73777be393cf.png)

3. Win of the Chars Mode
![screenshot 4](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/26466644/25826087/bc61e1c0-3445-11e7-9d26-9f630dba2fdb.png)

4. Colors Mode and the smallest board
![screenshot 2](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/26466644/25872721/0aff308c-350c-11e7-86f9-b906156c3c82.png)

5. Pictures Mode and the biggest board
![screenshot 3](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/26466644/25872720/0add6182-350c-11e7-84b7-95f3b8e8f5fd.png)
